If I had to rejoin the Navy, and considering the different options that
I could have, I think that being an electrician really opened up some
doors for me. It actually like alllowed me to think about different
things than I would have otherwise. I know about nuclear technology,
I know about electricity things, voltage, current, resistors, and
about power and watts. I know about lots of things that I had never
even considered myself interested in before. So does that help me,
in a sense, I think it does. It gives me a better perspective. Would
I do it over again? So the thing that I'm lacking from doing my nuclear
technology path, is I don't have a long history with computer
science. So I think if I would have joined like for instance the IT
field, the information technology field, then after eight years I'd
be really really bright about computer science and networks and what's
going on in the, on the interior of a computer. However, the problem
would be that I wouldn't know the electrical portion of it. So
I think I'm happy with my decision, but I would probably try to do something
more computer science oriented if I had to do it again, knowing
that I would do it in the future.